docs/contributing.rst, before:

============
Contributing
============

Development
===========

Source
------

The TARDIS project is hosted on Google Code and uses an subversion repository for source code control.

Creating a Patch with SVN
-------------------------

SVN users who whish to contribute code please checkout a copy of the current source::

   svn checkout http://mytardis.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ mytardis-read-only

You'll need to make sure SVN tracks any new files you add using::

   svn add path/to/new/file

Make the patch using::

   svn diff > feature_name_or_bugfix.diff

and then add an issue to the `issue tracker <http://code.google.com/p/mytardis/issues/list>`_


Hudson
------

Hudson is a continuous intergration server that is used within the TARDIS development process to help maintain the quality of the project. Within Hudson we run use the following script to execute the build and run the tests.

::

   #!/bin/bash
   rm dist/*
   [ -d egg-cache ] || mkdir -p egg-cache
   export PYTHON_EGG_CACHE=`pwd`/egg-cache
   python setup.py clean
   python bootstrap.py
   ./bin/buildout
   ./bin/django-admin.py test --with-xunit --with-coverage --cover-package=tardis.tardis_portal --with-xcoverage
   python setup.py sdist


Enable the Publish JUnit test result report in the Post-Build Actions section and use specify the nost tests results output::

   nosetest.xml

To enable reporting of the code coverage you'll need to install the `Hudson Cobertura plugin <http://wiki.hudson-ci.org/display/HUDSON/Cobertura+Plugin>`_, once that is installed you can specify the location of the coverage.xml file::

   **/coverage.xml


.. seealso::

    `Hudson <http://hudson-ci.org/>`_
        Extensible continuous integration server

Commit message:

added documentation generation description to the contribution section.
git-svn-id: http://mytardis.googlecode.com/svn/branches/documentation@412 1bbb43ac-ffe0-11de-8c0c-f1c8ac664a8e

docs/contributing.rst, after:

============
Contributing
============

Development
===========

Source
------

The TARDIS project is hosted on Google Code and uses an subversion repository for source code control.

Creating a Patch with SVN
-------------------------

SVN users who whish to contribute code please checkout a copy of the current source::

   svn checkout http://mytardis.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ mytardis-read-only

You'll need to make sure SVN tracks any new files you add using::

   svn add path/to/new/file

Make the patch using::

   svn diff > feature_name_or_bugfix.diff

and then add an issue to the `issue tracker <http://code.google.com/p/mytardis/issues/list>`_


Generating Documentation
------------------------

Documentation is done in sphinx and can be built using the commands provided by the sphinx buildout recipe::

   ./bin/sphinxbuilder


Hudson
------

Hudson is a continuous intergration server that is used within the TARDIS development process to help maintain the quality of the project. Within Hudson we run use the following script to execute the build and run the tests.

::

   #!/bin/bash
   rm dist/*
   [ -d egg-cache ] || mkdir -p egg-cache
   export PYTHON_EGG_CACHE=`pwd`/egg-cache
   python setup.py clean
   python bootstrap.py
   ./bin/buildout
   ./bin/django-admin.py test --with-xunit --with-coverage --cover-package=tardis.tardis_portal --with-xcoverage
   python setup.py sdist


Enable the Publish JUnit test result report in the Post-Build Actions section and use specify the nost tests results output::

   nosetest.xml

To enable reporting of the code coverage you'll need to install the `Hudson Cobertura plugin <http://wiki.hudson-ci.org/display/HUDSON/Cobertura+Plugin>`_, once that is installed you can specify the location of the coverage.xml file::

   **/coverage.xml


.. seealso::

    `Hudson <http://hudson-ci.org/>`_
        Extensible continuous integration server
